[theme music]
From what I can see,
your numbers look pretty normal.
I just say, keep an eye
on your weight for now.
That's strange.
Lately, I noticed I've been catching
a cold way more often than usual
-after getting my liver transplant.
-Hm.
I had a hell of a nasty winter last year
because of this cold.
Mm-hm. I didn't know that.
Did you get the flu shot last year?
No way. Ever since I got
the liver transplant,
my heart starts beating uncontrollably
whenever I see a syringe needle.
I understand, but still
you should've gotten the flu shot.
Even I have, too.
We'll call you when your shot is due.
Just get it this year.
But you know,
I've been seeing dark spots on my skin,
ever since the operation,
this only happened
after the liver transplant.
You know, before I got the surgery,
people used to tell me
that I had a fresh glowing skin
of a man in his 60s.
Whenever you go out,
do you apply sunscreen?
My goodness, men don't need that stuff.
-Of course, I don't apply sunscreen.
-[sighs]
Goodness. No matter
you're getting tanned all of a sudden.
Besides, your skin was tanned,
to begin with.
[laughs]
Oh, is that so?
But you know what?
I also noticed that
after getting my liver transplant,
something strange happened,
my legs would hurt after walking
even after just an hour.
I get pins and needles in my legs
when I'm a bit tired.
-Not to mention the back pain.
-Hm.
Sir, what's your…
How old are you turning this year?
Me?
I turned 84.
[scoffs]
[both laugh]
Come on, help me out.
What am I supposed to do then?
[laughing continues]
Do you know about Park Jong-jin,
that HCC patient?
When I told him that his tumor got bigger,
he said he wanted to talk to you.
I'll go check on my sister first,
then I'll talk to him before I go home.
-You go get some rest.
-Okay.
[elevator dings]
Oh, why don't you take the next one.
[clears throat]
-What?
-Take the next one.
[automated voice] Third floor.
Now going up.
-Doors are closing.
-[huffs]
[scoffs]
How's it going?
[Jeong-won] Hey.
[bright music]
[Ik-sun slurping]
[Ik-sun] Oh, it's so good.
NAME: LEE IK-SUN
[slurping]
[murmuring]
[door screeches]
[Ik-sun munching]
Are you a wild animal?
Should probably cook that,
seeing as we discovered fire
millions of years ago.
It's just this one,
everything else is cooked.
[sighs]
-Did Mom call you recently?
-Uh-huh.
You know, she might be onto something.
She called yesterday and today.
-You didn't tell her or did you?
-Of course, I didn't.
I know she'll be worried.
Why would I even do that?
I guess Jun-wan is really good, huh.
Other than my head ringing a bit.
I feel fine.
God, the way you talk.
You're turning 40 soon.
Why do you still sound like a toddler?
It's been a while since I saw him.
He looks so damn old now.
He's turning 40 just like you.
-He doesn't wanna get married?
-You should get married.
-Did he come and check on you?
-He did. Four times.
Four times is a lot.
He's been checking on me all the time.
It's like he still thinks
I'm a freshman in middle school.
-[Ik-sun burps]
-Nice, lovely.
[clicks tongue]
Guess it's time for number five.
Oh, hi Professor Kim.
Meet my wonderful brother.
[in low tone]
Oh, thanks for taking care of her.
I'm Lee Ik-jun,
Major Lee Ik-sun's older brother.
I truly appreciate the amazing work
you did on her.
We are all so glad
you put her back together in one piece.
Wow, you're exactly
like she describe, though.
The withering old and lonely bachelor.
My gosh, yes. I'm sorry
for my unsightly appearance, okay.
Seeing how you're goofing around,
you can go.
I got the medical certificate
and admission note ready for you.
-Or you can get discharged tomorrow.
-Okay.
[slurps]
You're not going back right away, right?
She's taking two weeks off.
She'll rest up at my place.
You're not going to Changwon
to stay with your mom?
God, no. She doesn't even know yet.
Pass me some tissues.
You know what? Your hospital
needs to be more eco-friendly.
There are birds here.
[stutters]
There are birds here?
-[sighs]
-Right here.
[imitates flapping sound]
[Ik-sun grunting]
What do I do?
[imitates wings flapping]
Oh.
Ah, it's tough having siblings.
Stay still.
[Ik-sun] There.
[shushes]
Hey, what was that?
It's buljajangmyeon.
And it's so delicious.
-Is it hot?
-[Ik-sun] Yes, a bit.
But it's still the best jajangmyeon
I've ever had.
I've had noodles
from every restaurant near my base.
Out of all of them,
I'd say this one is the yummiest ever.
You need to come and try it out.
Doesn't matter
how good the jajangmyeon is,
I'm not going all the way there
just to try it.
How come you never visit
your sister in Inje? It isn't far.
I visited you when you were in Cheorwon.
That was three years ago!
I'm busy looking after my son
and my patients.
And I'm trying to make ends meet.
You think I don't got
my own stuff to deal with?
I've got 300 soldiers under me.
While I'm stuck in Inje
eating buljajangmyeon day and night.
You don't feel sorry for your sister?
What the heck are you talking about?
You get a lot of days off
because you're field grade officers.
You're literally a major in the army,
but all you do is travel off somewhere.
I didn't even get to travel that much.
Besides, I can't go
beyond the border anyway.
So no matter what, I'm stuck in Inje.
I've eaten all the trouts and salmons
I could, you think, I wanna stay?
You always liked sashimi anyway.
You'd kill for a sashimi buffet.
You can't get enough of that stuff.
So why are you blaming it
on the fish fillet?
You said buljajangmyeon was great.
If you can eat
something delicious every day,
how does that make your life
worth it, anyway?
That ain't no life. No, hey!
[chuckles]
Are you guys rapping, huh?
You two should freestyle
on stage together.
Actually, we used
to practice rapping together.
[Ik-sun] I was in middle school,
he was in high school.
We joined this comedy contest as rappers.
But we didn't win.
-A comedy contest?
-A long time ago.
By the way, who did you wanna see?
That's why you came here, right?
-I thought she came to see you?
-No way. You think she'd come to see me?
Pretty sure she came here
to see her friend.
Well, I did come here for you,
but to see my friend too.
It's my best friend.
But my best friend has to work
on the weekends.
So I came here to surprise my friend.
Oh, shit.
[sighs]
-Is it a guy?
-[Ik-sun] Yeah.
-Is he your boyfriend?
-He's not my boyfriend.
He's actually my closest friend
in the army.
-Oh, I don't think so.
-We really are just friends.
In fact, we're kind of,
like you and Song-hwa.
[Chi-hong] Salute.
[footsteps approaching]
[chuckles]
Ah, Major Lee. How long has it been, huh?
Are you okay now?
Sorry I couldn't come yesterday.
Well, Mr. Civilian.
You're looking great today.
-Oh, whoops. Hello.
-What's this?
It's Dr. Ahn Chi-hong from NS?
Are you two friends or something?
Right. You said you graduated
from the Military Academy.
Oh, why didn't I connect the dots earlier?
It never occurs to me, either.
Kind of funny seeing
how similar your names are.
-[Ik-sun] You know each other?
-[Ik-jun] Yeah.
Hey, by the way, I approve of this.
I approve of him.
-Get out.
-I like this guy.
He has my vote. Nice catch.
-I approve.
-[Ik-sun] Just go.
All right, enough of that nonsense.
Song-hwa bought the gimbap you like.
Let's go.
I, uh… No, actually, hold on a second.
-Just go.
-Bye.
[Ik-jun sighs]
Hold on, hold on. Wait a second.
Ah, please take good care of my sister.
I know, she can be, uh,
a little rough sometimes,
but she really is… really funny, huh.
-Okay? Huh. Trust me.
-[laughs]
-Hurry. Sit down. Come on. Cheers.
-[Chi-hong] Yeah. Here.
[theme music]
[upbeat music]
[sighs]
Can I have one large cup
of iced latte, please. How about you?
What are you getting?
I'll have some…
I'll have some tomato juice.
If that's all right. Thank you very much.
-[Min-ha] Who is that?
-Oh, he's a surgical intern.
Oh. Hello, nice to meet you.
We'll also have one tomato juice, too.
Say hello. Dr. Chu Min-ha,
she's a second-year ob-gyn resident.
-Oh, nice to meet you.
-Hm.
Hold on, are you the only surgical intern?
There is another one who's attending
a liver metastasis conference
for a breast cancer patient.
Ah…
-I thought you have a lunch date.
-Gosh, it wasn't a date at all.
He wanted me to buy him lunch,
so I just bought him a meal.
-And that was it. Here you go, thank you.
-She's got game.
-The guy's actually eight years younger.
-Seven years.
-Got time to chat?
-I have to go.
[Min-ha sighs]
[Gyeo-ul] Why don't you buy me
a cup of coffee, as well?
Oh, what would you like to have?
Ah, I'd like an iced latte,
and don't be shy on the ice.
One more iced latte, please.
-You two are like best buddies.
-[sighs]
I've been forced to bothering him lately
'cause I need help in figuring out
what kind of person
Professor Yang Seok-hyeong is exactly.
So I'm getting a crash course from him.
When it comes to those five members
of the comedy club,
I can describe them
from an omniscient viewpoint
as their close colleague.
Everything. From their dating history,
families, and what they're really like.
-For the cheap price of a latte.
-[Min-ha chuckles]
-[restaurant pager buzzing]
-Oh, your orders are ready. Later, then.
[restaurant pager buzzing continues]
[light music]
I'm here now, when did this happen?
It's been an hour since.
He passed out in the shower.
All right.
Okay. Can you move this leg for me?
Um, good. And the other one.
[inhales deeply]
He's not a Korean citizen, is he?
No.
[inhales sharply]
Hmm.
Right now, as you can see he's suffering
from an intracerebral hemorrhage.
If his blood pressure remains too high,
the bleeding could get much worse
and could lead to his death.
I managed to get him a bed in the ICU,
so he should be good.
He'll get surgery this afternoon
or tonight.
Oh, please sign here.
She said she's suddenly
discharging some blood.
How long since it started?
Around two to three days.
So, like, is there a lot more blood,
or does it hurt a bit more
during your menstrual cycle?
Not really. I don't think so. No.
[mother] Just tell the doctor everything.
What's wrong?
Sorry, she can be really shy, you know.
People say that kids these days
are a lot more out of control,
but look at how innocent she is.
Thank goodness.
Then, why don't we just take
an ultrasound.
-Let's do an ultrasound.
-Okay.
You can just stay outside.
After the scan,
we'll just bring you back inside.
-Okay. All right, just do it.
-Mom.
-You'll be okay.
[door opens]
[breathes deeply]
Doctor, is there a chance
that this might be
from an implantation bleeding?
If I did it with my boyfriend
around two weeks ago…
Oh, shit! I fucking know it.
[scoffs]
Do you think I could be pregnant for sure?
Oh, my mom is gonna kill me for real.
That motherfucker.
I told him to put on a condom!
Oh, shit!
Ah…
Uh, we don't know that yet.
[sighs]
Not all bleeding
means implantation of the uterus.
Oh…
So, then…
does that mean I can still have sex
with my boyfriend?
[clears throat]
You're an intern? How old are you?
I'm 26 years old, sir.
-He's practically a baby.
-Oh, wow.
-[surgeon 1] He's a baby.
-[surgeon 2] Twenty-six!
-I'm so jealous.
-Are you kidding me?
Hello, everyone.
[all] Hello, doctor.
Oh, no, no. Sit down.
Oh, I'm so hungry. Let's just do this
while we eat, all right?
-Huh?
-[surgeon 1] Yeah.
-Oh, here you go. This is yours, sir.
-Okay.
My goodness.
Hi, I'm sorry, guys.
I just finished my outpatients.
My sincere apologies.
[sighs]
-Are you Chang-min?
-Yes, I am.
Age, 26. Hometown, Cheongju.
You met your girlfriend from school.
And also, you like drinking Tesla?
[laughs]
Do you know what Tesla is?
Not the auto company, you idiot.
It's a… One of those cocktail thing.
A popular drink.
[scoffs]
Hold on. You mean we are paying
for food like this?
[groans]
Goodness, me. What a rip-off.
A total rip-off. Hm?
-What?
-He's asking for a discharge.
He can't do that.
If he does, he might die.
He can't afford it, either.
But we have
the Social Services Department.
They can get assistance
even as foreigners.
Actually, I looked into that.
This patient doesn't have a passport.
And he can't produce
an income certificate, either.
There's nothing our hospital
can do right now.
[sighs]
-[Hui-su] What should I do?
-Hold on a minute.
[Gwang-hyeon]
All right, let me characterize
those five doctors in one go.
Pay attention.
To sum it up,
the Lacking Five.
That's the name
you ought to remember them by.
-I thought you had somewhere to go.
-Uh-uh.
What do you mean the Lacking Five?
-So everyone lacks something?
-[Gwang-hyeon] Exactly.
Everyone lacks something distinct.
Let's start with Song-hwa.
-The only female.
-[Gwang-hyeon] The only female,
and as a consequence,
also their only emotional pillar.
No weakness is in a nutshell,
an outstanding doctor.
She's really quite incredible
at her job to be honest.
And as a bonus,
she helps other people, too.
In fact, when I find time,
I'm gonna write her biography.
-I've heard a lot about her.
-She's better than what you've heard.
Song-hwa is basically
the perfect nerd in a sense.
However, she also likes having fun.
She enjoys eating with colleagues,
plus she can hold her own liquor too,
and sometimes she can go crazy
when she has to.
[clicks tongue]
In a way, she's pure-hearted.
[Min-ha] Oh…
And how's that possible at her age?
[tongue clicks]
And what's wrong with our age?
[Chi-hong] The Social Services Department
said they would look into it.
-But it might take a bit of time.
-Um…
But I don't think this patient
should be discharged from this hospital.
-I don't know what I should do.
-Hold on a second.
[line ringing]
[Jun-wan] Yes, Professor Chae Song-hwa.
Didn't you have,
like, a Grandpa-Long-Legs,
or something like that
at hospital you used to work at?
[Jun-wan] Jeong-won would know
a lot more than that.
Actually, Kangwoon Medical
Social Services has someone called
Hyeon Jeong-mi.
She's the only one
who can directly contact the sponsor.
Understood. Send me her number.
So I can call her.
You have her phone number, right?
Okay. Good.
If you give me her number,
I can just call her myself.
Um… just a moment.
[phone chimes]
[line ringing]
Yes, the patient
has an intracerebral hemorrhage.
The bleeding was caused
by high blood pressure.
He needs to undergo surgery
before the bleeding gets worse.
I was wondering if you could help somehow.
-Where's the patient from?
-Uh, Indonesia.
-Professor, I can just talk to her myself.
-He's from Indonesia.
No, we don't have much time.
So I'll just leave you my number.
If you have any questions
or an update, you can call me.
By the way, do you think we can
get Grandpa-Long-Legs
on the phone by any chance?
We really don't have much time left.
The patient is critical.
He can go at any moment.
Please get back to me
as soon as possible. Okay.
Usually, the sponsor gets back
to them right away.
Let's wait a few moments.
That takes care of that part.
The medical bills are good.
Where is he right now?
Right now, still in the ER.
Go ahead with the CT navigation
and prep for surgery.
I'll call Anesthesiology
and book an OR right now.
Oh, don't bother, I'm calling them now.
Go ahead. Prep for surgery.
Hey, it's me.
I'll send a patient up for premedication.
Get me an OR ready, will you?
All right. Next up is Kim Jun-wan.
His best trait, he's pretty much
the best surgeon in the hospital.
But he can often be a little…
[inhales sharply]
Nah. He's a complete jerk.
[machine beeping]
-[Jun-wan] How's the ultrasound?
-[anesthetist] Good, it's fully blocked.
-It's not bleeding, right?
-Yes. It looks fine.
[Jun-wan] Hey, Jae-hak.
Why do we need to be careful
with the AV node?
Again, why should we be careful with that?
[Jae-hak snoring]
-Hey!
-[gasps]
Is my surgery really that boring?
A little bit.
Uh, I mean not at all.
In fact, it's kind of fun!
I'm so sorry. Please forgive me, sir.
How does that work?
How do you doze off when a patient
is between life and death?
Well, I'm also on…
the verge of life and…
[snoring]
[quirky music]
[gasps]
Oh, my gosh. I'm so sorry.
[anesthetist] Professor Kim,
there's no bleeding. It all went well.
We'll wrap up the rest over here.
-Will you?
-Yes. Great surgery, sir.
[machine beeping]
[Jun-wan] Good job then.
-[doctor 1] Great surgery.
-[doctor 2 and 3] Great surgery, sir.
Don't we have immediate footage
of the TOF surgery?
[man 1] All right.
Can you give him that?
So he can self-reflect.
[door clanks]
[Min-ha] Dr. Jang, snap out of it.
You're drooling right now. Look. See?
Well, aren't you cheeks a little rosier
than usual, Dr. Chu?
-Is it red?
-Very.
I… I'm trying out this new blush color
because I wanted to look
three or four years younger.
You ended up looking 34 years younger.
[groans]
-Next one.
-What about Professor Yang Seok-hyeong?
-You want Seok-hyeong.
-[Min-ha] Hm.
Don't you already know?
-[Mino] Me? Me? Me?
-[laughs]
[P.O.] I… I… I…
-Where I live…
-[laughs continues]
[Mino] In our house.
-Professor Yang.
-[P.O.] Our house, isn't it?
-[Mino] What are you…
-Yes, this is Yang Seok-hyeong speaking.
Yes.
[chuckles]
[cell phone ringing]
-He's not a very sociable person.
-Hm.
-Right.
-[Ho-dong] Two, three. Looks like we won.
-[clears throat]
[indistinct chatter over cell phone]
-[Mino] We won, we won again.
-[Soo-geun] We won, we won again.
[Mino and Soo-geun laughing]
-[laughs]
[Ho-dong] We won again, I'm telling you.
-We won again.
-[Soo-geun] All right.
-[indistinct chatter over cell phone]
-[laughs]
[quirky music]
Who else have I missed?
-You haven't done Professor Lee Ik-jun.
-Dr. Ahn Jeong-won as well.
Lee Ik-jun, okay, that prick…
He was at the top of his class
when he entered med school,
and when he graduated, same top spot.
-Is that true?
-Hm.
Ik-jun had the highest mark
in the medical board exam.
-Then why he is called the biggest clown?
-[scoffs]
That's what I heard as well.
When he was a med student,
let's just say,
he practically lived in clubs.
Yet he still came at the top.
I don't know if he's just that smart
without trying or if he studied in secret.
But whether it was exams or practicals,
it doesn't matter. He's always top.
But you know what? You wanna know
what this punk doesn't have?
-Modesty?
-Sure. He's not that modest, either.
Perhaps, it's because
he is born so damn gifted.
But he doesn't seem to have an inferiority
complex or any prejudicial notions.
-He's not twisted at heart.
-[Gwang-hyeon] Exactly.
Do they really expect anyone to pay
for food like this?
[groans]
What a total rip-off. My goodness.
[sighs]
Excuse me, sir.
You're always eating meals
that are prepared by people,
yet you complain all the time.
You should just eat it.
It's honestly pretty good.
[Ik-jun] Hm?
So from now on, whenever you complain
about the food….
You'll have to pay 10,000. Sound fair?
Hey, why would I pay 10,000 won?
That's way too expensive.
This costs much less than that.
All right, I'll shut up. You can stop.
-Geez.
-Forty thousand won, pretty good bargain.
-Enjoy your meal.
-[surgeon laughs]
[surgeon] You little punk.
[Gwang-hyeon] And finally,
we got Ahn Jeong-won.
Yes.
Jeong-won is not much into…
-material possessions.
-[Min-ha] Obviously.
His family is super-rich.
He doesn't have to worry.
-Even I wouldn't be materialistic.
-Mm.
[Jeong-won] Yes, I just wired the money
to your account.
And remember,
once the surgery bill comes out,
don't hesitate to tell me,
I'll cover that, too.
Tell him to stop worrying
and get the surgery.
He needs to relax
and focus on getting better.
-Okay. You take care now.
-[machine rattles]
BILLS ARE BEING COUNTED
PLEASE WAIT
WITHDRAWAL: 100,000 WON
BALANCE: 305,000 WON
-Are you supporting a secret family?
-What the heck, man.
It's payday. Where did all your money go?
You psycho, what are you doing
looking at my balance?
Where did the money go? You prick.
Where do you think?
It went to a good place in the end.
Hey, by the way, I noticed
we are not getting any patients
for the VIP Ward these days.
What are you mentioning that for?
Are you finally concerned
about the hospital all of a sudden?
It's not about the hospital.
It's about my finances.
-Didn't you read the news?
-What news?
Congressman Sim Yeong-su
is getting a liver transplant.
He'll be admitted at the VIP Ward
this afternoon.
[Jeong-won gasps]
You're right. I totally forgot about him.
[Jun-wan] I heard somewhere that
he's taking up
all four of those expensive VIP rooms.
He only needs two rooms
for him and his son.
But he didn't want
to people to talk about them
and to keep things as private as possible.
-So he booked all four of them.
-Whoa, really? He's a VIP indeed.
I should buy some juice
and give him a visit to pay my respect.
By the way, you remember
what's his son's name again?
-Sim Yeong-ho?
-That's right. Sim Yeong-ho.
Didn't he use to go clubbing
with Ik-jun all the time, back in the day?
-That's right, Ik-jun's clubbing bestie.
-My gosh, he was such a jerk back then.
What a surprise. Who would have thought
he'd give his liver to his dad?
Right? Isn't his son the donor?
Ik-jun said he's a new man now.
He met him last month
at the HLA testing and consultation.
He told me he'd become softer.
I still have some time left.
Wanna eat tteokbokki?
I have to meet up with Seok-hyeong.
I have a diagnosis meeting with him.
Gastroschisis patient.
Hey, don't bring it up with what
we are talking in front of Seok-hyeong.
He'll lose it again
if you talk about Sim Yeong-su.
All right, dude, I heard you.
Zip.
[sighs]
SEXUAL PREDATOR CONGRESSMAN
SIM YEONG-SU GETS A LIVER TRANSPLANT
HE WAS ADMITTED
TO YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
HE WAS FINED FOR ASSAULTING A CADDIE
AT A GOLF COURSE LAST MONTH
[cell phone ringing]
MOM
Hi, Mom.
Hm. You eat lunch yet?
What did you eat?
Mom, it's payday today.
What do I do with the money?
Any suggestions, hm?
[laughs]
By the way, did Professor Ahn Jeong-won
date anyone we know,
back when he was a med student?
You mean Jeong-won?
Well…
[sighs]
Hold on a second.
How come you guys aren't so busy?
-Back when I was your age…
-[gasps]
[Min-ha] Hm?
Did you study
the patient's condition thoroughly?
Yes. It's called gastroschi…
It's called gastroschisis.
It means a lack of an abdominal wall.
Can you please elaborate?
When a baby has its abdominal wall
undeveloped,
its intestines and other organ
come out of the body.
When did the patient get diagnosed
with the condition?
Hmm. The mother was diagnosed
with gastroschisis
around 20 weeks into her pregnancy.
And she's 36 weeks in now.
You seem to know better than me.
Does it mean that the baby
is more likely to die?
No. It's a rare condition,
but we get a few patients like her.
And usually, the babies have surgery
as soon as they are born.
-They can live healthy lives.
-[both] Oh…
They must get the surgery
after they are born,
and consult the pediatric surgeon
in advance.
There will be a meeting
concerning the patient
with the surgical professor today.
Do you think it's okay for us to join?
Those meetings I've seen in dramas
seem seriously complicated.
[grunting]
Why not? Can't you just do the surgery?
Let's go with the C-section. Hm?
It's not something for you to decide on.
Uh… that's what the mother wants.
[groans]
[quirky music]
[Seok-hyeong sighs]
Please, do the honors.
I examined the mother.
And her pelvis is in good shape so far.
And the baby's head
is around the pelvis area as well.
So we think vaginal delivery
will be easier.
That means
that she'll give birth naturally.
[Yun-bok] Uh-huh.
Well, I'm glad to hear that.
The baby isn't undersized,
is that correct?
Mm-hm. The baby isn't too small.
That's right.
Sometimes, in cases like this,
there are concerned
that a vaginal delivery might increase
the chance of infection in the baby.
But I can't guarantee doing a C-section
would lower the chance of infection.
Plus, more than anything,
the mother wants to have
the vaginal delivery as much as possible.
Understood.
However, we don't really know
when the baby will come out.
What if I'm in the middle of surgery
and she goes into labor?
You're right.
That's why I'll be observing her
until week 38,
and then try inducing her into labor.
[sighs deeply]
You jackass. Why didn't you just say so?
[giggles]
-Stop giggling.
-[Seok-hyeong] Hey, think about it.
Of course, the mother
would want her pediatric surgeon
-to do the surgery on her baby.
-[Jeong-won] Hm.
And she agreed to labor induction
over a C-section.
With labor induction, we can deliver
the baby around the day they want.
-Ah.
-[Jeong-won sighs]
I'm glad to hear that. Then, pick a day
when I don't have outpatients.
Sure. Fine.
It's been 36 weeks and 2 days as of today.
I can set it for…
how's two weeks from today?
-Okay.
-So should we wrap up the meeting now?
[Eun-won] Yes.
Hey, what are you doing tonight?
-I got nothing. Do you want to get drinks?
-[Seok-hyeong] Sure.
[Seok-hyeong] What about other guys?
What's Ik-jun up to?
Congressman Sim was admitted today,
so he'll have to stay
with the patient all night.
[coughs]
Is his son the donor?
Yeah.
[tongues clicks]
[inhales deeply]
I bet that he's just putting on a show.
[coughs]
[Su-bin] Everyone, let's eat first.
The meals have just arrived.
-Grab them while they are war.
-[Yeaong-ha and Jea-hwan] Okay.
There you go.
All the beds are full today.
You better eat up while you can.
Okay. Thank you.
You know, about Jo Je-yeong in Room 6103.
He underwent a TACE in 2016.
Hm, but there were some lesions left.
So he got the RFA and TACE
as a consequence.
What's TACE?
-Transcatheter arterial chemoembolization.
-[telephone ringing]
Chemoembolization in hepatic arteries.
"Chemoembolization…"
[ringing continues]
-Yes?
-[Su-bin] This is Room 6110.
The patient is throwing up.
Please get someone over.
Room 6110? Coming over right away.
-6110.
-Okay.
[panting]
-Ma'am, please, help me.
-[Su-bin] Yes?
Please, it's my husband,
he can't breathe properly.
He's been having a hard time breathing.
Can you just get someone to help him?
-[Su-bin] Go.
-[woman panting]
[man 2] Excuse me, nurse,
my bed seems to be broken.
I keep pressing the remote,
but it won't come up at all.
I can't even have my dinner yet.
We can't eat our dinner right now.
Until this is fixed. Please, help.
Actually, I'm not the one…
Uh, hold on. I'll be with you in a moment.
Please wait.
Where did he go now?
How do I find out which room he was in?
[sighs]
Hey, Su-bin.
I need your help with something,
would you be able to tell me
if Sim Yeong-ho, Congressman Sim's son
is in VIP Room Two or Three.
He's in Room Two,
but you can't see him even if you go now.
-Why not?
-He's quite sensitive.
Only a designated nurse
is allowed to see him for any reason.
Even Professor Gwon Sun-jeong
got to see him only once.
Since he's the donor,
he doesn't have to do a lot.
But he's very cranky.
What?
But he's not like that.
Oh.
His son…
Rumors are that his son
didn't want to do it,
but he was basically forced to
so he wouldn't look like a terrible son.
And another rumor is that…
private security guards
are keeping watch on him
in case he runs away.
-What are you looking for anyway?
-What?
Ah…
Someone complained to me just now,
he was looking for someone
to fix a broken bed.
Too bad, I don't know
which room he was in.
Oh, that? I already fixed that.
-Fixed it? When?
-A while ago.
How'd you fix it?
It wasn't plugged in properly.
Ah-huh.
You haven't eaten, have you?
Ah, Jesus. You should go
and have some dinner first.
Just let me sit there
and take care of things while you eat.
Don't even worry about it.
No, you should be going home.
Your son's probably waiting.
Tomorrow is the weekend.
I can play with him then.
Oh, now that feels nice.
That's a lot better.
[sucks teeth]
Now, to pick a show to watch.
-You're like a cliché single father.
-[Ik-jun chuckles]
I know, right?
Kind of felt like
I live the life of a single father before,
but now it's for real.
It's the same but different.
Raising a kid is hard, isn't it?
Being a doctor
must be hard enough already.
True, it is. It's like… it's easy.
Because I love my son to death.
[giggles]
Dad, can you carry me, I wanna see.
[both grunt]
What should we get, huh?
For you, get a ham and cheese.
Ham and cheese for me. How about you?
I'll get an Avoholic.
Yes, that's means you're an Avoholic.
So that makes me an U-ju-holic.
So then, I'm a Dad-holic.
[gasps]
Are you some sort of a genius?
Did I really make a genius, somehow?
-Mm-hm.
-Oh.
Give me a kiss.
[laughs]
-[Ik-jun] Have you ever eaten here before?
-Mm-hm.
-[Ik-jun] Who with?
-With Jang Mo-ne. She's my girlfriend.
Wow, your girlfriend's name is Mo-ne?
I didn't know that. Ooh.
Was it just the two of you?
Not really. We came here with Mo-ne's mom.
Oh, I see.
-Hey, U-ju.
-Hm?
If you ever miss your mom,
you tell me anytime you want, okay?
Uh, you just the word and we can call…
No, I can take you
to go see her, actually.
I'll tell her to come
and see you, all right?
You don't have to talk to her.
If she doesn't miss me, I don't miss her.
What are you talking about,
she doesn't miss you?
That's not true. She misses you a lot.
More than you'll ever know.
In fact, she even called me yesterday,
asking me how you were doing.
She calls me every day.
Just to ask about you.
I don't need her, I only need you, Dad.
You're my favorite person in the universe.
[sentimental music]
Dad, aren't you going to eat your food?
Of course, I will.
[Ik-jun sobs]
Hey, Dad.
If it's okay with you,
can I have another sandwich?
[grunts]
[chuckles]
Excuse me, Father, you got a visitor.
Oh, he's here? It must be my brother.
-I don't think so.
-What?
He's too good-looking.
Ah…
[laughs]
[quirky music]
-Were you playing baseball here?
-I wasn't. I came from home.
Isn't there anyone
you can spend your weekend with?
I'm going to see Mom later.
You are not going on a date or anything?
What a little idiot.
You're wasting your best days.
What are you talking about?
As if I care about going on dates.
I'm not interested.
[sharp inhale]
By the way,
I still haven't gotten an answer yet.
I sent the recommendation letter
almost two months ago.
[Dong-il] You'll get it soon.
Just wait and have patience.
That reminds me.
Did you…
Have you told your mom already?
[inhales deeply]
I was planning to tell her about it today.
I guess she'll be passing out today.
I'm sure that she'll understand.
What?
Have you forgotten already?
Remember how she encouraged all of you
when you were called by God?
[inhales sharply]
That's why I believe in Mom.
Because she's not like
most of the people out there.
[slurping]
Huh?
[Jeong-won grunting]
Hey, Ma!
Please talk to me, come on!
If you could just hear me out!
Come on!
[grunts]
[quirky music]
[Jeong-won] Whoa.
[door slams]
[sighs]
[tranquil music]
I'm fine.
But Mom, these stairs
go all the way down there.
Get on my back.
[sighs]
[grunts]
All right. Hold on tight.
[Seok-hyeong] Hey, Mom,
you think we should have
some spicy noodles for dinner tonight?
[Seok-hyeong's mom] I want you to call
Song-hwa and tell her to come over.
Ask her to have dinner with us.
You know, I really like that girl.
She's so calm and kind and gentle.
[Seok-hyeong]
Why would she join us for dinner at all?
I told you she's just a friend.
Besides, she's not gentle by a long shot.
She's like a wild animal, that one.
"REJOICE IN THE LORD"
CHURCH MEMBER CHAE SONG-HWA
["Rejoice in the Lord" playing]
I had no idea "Rejoice in the Lord"
was such a fun and lively song.
The professor is doing
a really wonderful job with it.
Hey, hey, hey.
Here comes the highlight of the song.
[audience cheering]
My little U-ju boy. You're so handsome.
I wonder where you get
your good looks from.
-Lee Ik-jun.
-Oh, my gosh, good boy.
The micro-dust level is high today.
Will there still be outdoor classes?
Okay. Okay, if you're going outside
this afternoon,
make sure to use a mask.
I already put one in U-ju's backpack.
And if you have any sunscreen with you,
please on his face gently
before that. All right?
-Bye, Dad.
-Okey-dokey.
-I'll see you after work, all right?
-[laughs]
-[Ik-jun grunts]
-[door alarm beeps]
-[car horn honking]
-Damn! That startled me. Shush.
[tires screeching]
[Ik-jun] What the hell?
My goodness, you're the action queen
of parking, you know that?
[soft chuckle]
If I ever quit, maybe I can work
as a stunt driver chauffeur.
[tires screech]
Hey, could you park my car for me?
[panting]
[gasps]
Oh, my God. Hello.
Are you back for good now?
How have you been?
[Eun-won] She just came back to work.
-And she already delivered a baby.
-[Min-ha] Oh.
-That's nice. Do you all know who she is?
-[doctor 2] Yes.
She's the goddess of the delivery room.
[Min-ha] That's right.
She's been diligently working
as a nurse in the delivery room
for 15 years straight.
But she had to deliver her own baby,
so she took a leave of absence.
As long as we have her,
we might as well just go home.
None of us are needed here, really.
You're exactly as I remember.
You haven't changed at all.
My gosh, people shouldn't change at all.
But we got new professors
on the faculty while you were gone.
Actually there's one.
This young doctor always seems so sullen.
-I've never seen someone like him around.
-You mean Professor Yang Seok-hyeong.
Hm. He's the only one I haven't met.
The other ones
are pretty much all the same.
We have a delivery scheduled
for a baby with anencephaly.
Whose case is that?
Oh, it's mine. I'm assisting the delivery.
[Seung-ju] I'm sure you'll do good.
What does anencephaly mean again?
Uh, missing brain.
Anencephaly was suspected
after an ultrasound at 13 weeks.
All things considered
we can't suggest an abortion.
Not to mention, the mother wanted
to give birth to the baby.
She's on her 32nd week.
Her water broke at around dawn.
And she's now having contractions.
Hmm, I predict the baby
should come out this afternoon.
After which the baby will only live
for a short while,
a few hours, several days at most.
That's enough. The rest is for us
to worry about and prepare for.
I assume Professor Yang is here?
She'll be taking the patient?
Actually, he said he wanted
to see me earlier.
Who's in my anencephaly case today?
-Oh. I'll be assisting you.
-Oh.
Oh, Min-ha, let me talk to you for a sec.
Oh, me? Okay. Sure.
You want me to cover the mouth?
Careful not to block
the nose or the airway.
Just cover the mouth gently,
so we don't hear the baby cry.
Oh.
[sighs]
Eun-won can't do it
because she'll be too busy assisting me.
So that's when you come in
and cover the baby's mouth.
[sighs deeply]
As soon as the baby's born.
Understood?
[suspenseful music]
[breathes deeply]
-[exhales sharply]
-[door closes]
[Jun-hui] The X-ray shows no problem.
He also has no fever.
Maybe I called you for no reason.
Just like when I called you last night.
She's just worried,
it hasn't been long since his surgery.
We'll just deal with it.
What's Jin-yong doing back here?
Is there anything wrong?
Well, he seems to be doing fine now.
I'm sorry, Professor.
Apparently, Jin-yong
kept throwing up last night,
so he's brought to the ER by his mother.
But he's all right now.
Ah, any problem we might not be seeing?
What about fever, abdominal distention?
His fever broke
after getting a fever reducer.
He's better now after vomiting once.
He has no other problems
as far as we can deduce.
We already explained everything.
But his mother insisted on seeing you, so…
-I'm sorry about that.
-[scoffs]
No, it's okay, really.
We have a fracture patient.
Dr. Bae, you're needed, please come over.
[Hui-su] Sure.
[Jeong-won] Let's see here.
One thing we are sure of
is that his intestine is fine,
so you don't have to worry
too much about that now.
Hi, Jin-yong, you feel like
you are ready to eat something now, hm?
Oh, wow. You look haggard, don't you?
Your cheeks are all hollow.
-[Jae-hun cries]
-[Jun-hui] Does it hurt? I'm sorry.
What exactly happened to him?
[Jae-hun's dad] He was playing
on a dining table and suddenly fell over.
Since then, he hasn't been able
to move his arm.
It was his right side,
he must have landed on it.
I think the fall
could have broken his arm.
Please do something for him.
I'm begging you.
Okay. How do you feel
when I press right here
-and over here?
-[screams]
[Jun-hui] Do they feel the same?
-How about here?
-[cries]
[Jun-hui] Take a deep breath for me.
Does it hurt when you breathe?
[crying]
I think we should X-ray his chest
as well to be sure.
Did you see him fall directly on his arm
while he was sideways?
-[phone rings]
-Did he maybe hit his chest
on a hard surface or something?
-Hello, this is Dr. Gyeo-ul.
-I'm not really sure.
I wasn't able to see it.
But I heard a really loud cracking sound
right after he fell from the table.
He must have fell really hard
on his right side.
Judging from his response
his arm is probably broken,
but we can't rule out a chest problem too.
So we should give him an X-ray
to start with.
Oh, but I heard… those could be bad.
X-rays are apparently harmful to children.
Is it really necessary
to go through with this one?
It's fine, the radiation is very little.
All right, I guess it's fine then.
Oh, Doctor, please. Whatever you do,
please just hurry up
and do what you can to stop his pain.
[Jun-hui] I will.
Don't worry. We'll help him.
Let's get the X-ray done.
And give him some painkillers for now.
Okay.
Professor, Kasai's operation is ready.
So I think you should go.
Oh, okay.
[Jeong-won]
You haven't received an enema, right?
[Yeong-su's wife] He's going to get it
later this evening.
That's everything he needs
before surgery, right?
Why is there so much preparation involved?
He'll be exhausted
even before the surgery.
[chuckles]
A transplant recipient
does go through a lot.
Not to mention the surgery.
Hold on. You said the whole procedure
will take around ten hours?
We'll only know for certain
the actual length of the procedure
after the surgery begins.
Usually takes around nine to ten hours.
Give or take.
[Yeong-su's wife gasps]
Your son on the other hand, uh,
if I take out the time
for anesthetizing and closing his chest,
the surgery will only take
about four hours.
He will not have to worry
about any side effects
after his surgery, right?
Let's not forget, at the end of the day
he's getting a liver transplant
to get better.
Well…
[sighs]
It's not that he's doing this
to get better in the sense of the word.
He's getting the liver transplant
because it's the only way for him to live.
Honestly, your son is doing
a tremendous thing, something…
[breathes deeply]
…not everyone could even do
for their family member, surprisingly.
Honestly speaking,
I'd understand if he refused.
[Yeong-su's wife] I see…
So we took an x-ray because of your cough.
-How does it look?
-It looked fine to me.
Then it's all good. I'll see you tomorrow.
Have a good rest today.
Take care, Professor.
Don't drink tonight,
go home and rest, okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. He really told me
to cover the baby's mouth first.
He clearly doesn't even want to hear
the baby crying for some reason.
[sighs]
I'm telling you, he's a total psychopath.
[Min-ha grunts]
Did he really say that?
He personally told you?
He told me exactly that just a while ago.
[breathes deeply]
I didn't think he'd be like that.
How surprising.
What do you mean he'd be like that?
He looks exactly like how he acts.
Huh. He has no consideration
or sympathy for pregnant women.
He's a simple, ignorant,
and selfish loner. Ergo.
He's exactly the type of doctor
that he looks like.
[sighs deeply]
Dr. Chu, how long have you been here?
It's my second year.
Hm.
[inhales deeply]
Listen carefully.
[nurse 1] The patient with gastroschisis
went into labor and is in the ER.
Hurry up, please, Doctor.
[dramatic music]
DELIVERY ROOM
RESTRICTIONS FOR VISITORS
[patient groaning]
[nurse 1] I think it's going way too fast.
The interval is much too short.
So I'm worried.
Eun-won, the doctor is here now.
The patient is Jo Mi-hyeon,
37 weeks pregnant.
We planned to induce labor next week,
but she's in labor right now.
That's her husband's.
He's pretty shaken up.
It's okay. You don't have to worry
about the procedure.
The cervix is three centimeters dilated,
and she just received an epidural.
VIP ROOM 2
BED REST!
VISITORS ARE RESTRICTED
-[door lock beeps]
-[door whirs open]
I'm very worried.
Mentally, he's unstable.
He refused all visitors.
He took a blood test and an x-ray, right?
Yes, of course.
But ever since then, he's been solitary,
he hasn't come out of the room in a while.
He seemed fine
when I talked to him last time.
You don't think he'd try
to run away, do you?
[laughs]
Yeah. I don't think so.
-[chuckles]
-[nurse] Hm.
It's three centimeters,
so we still have some time.
-Uh, you called the Pediatrics?
-I did.
What about Surgery?
You haven't called Jeong-won yet, right?
We still have some time left.
No, we haven't yet.
I spoke with their chief doctor
on the phone earlier.
And Dr. Ahn's surgery this morning
just recently concluded.
He hasn't eaten anything yet,
so he'll be here after eating something.
Very good. I'll be in my office then.
-I heard it's still at three cm.
-[Eun-won] Yes, it is.
[Seung-ju] She's got a long way to go.
Don't tell me that
you've already called PS?
Of course not.
I'm a second-year now, you know.
-I know that much.
-[cell phone ringing]
Hello?
This is bad.
What?
Full dilation.
[breathes deeply]
RESTRICTED AREA
[suspenseful music]
It's okay.
Take your time before coming in.
Yes, sir.
[sighs]
What do I do? I told the doctor
he could go and eat.
[sighs]
What am I supposed to tell him now?
[nurse 2] You don't have
to call them at all.
Pardon?
He's already in there.
Dr. Ahn came in ten minutes ago,
and is now in the delivery room.
Has he already eaten?
"Is eating important?
We are delivering a baby."
That's what Dr. Ahn said
when we asked about it.
-[nurse 2 chuckles]
-[sighs]
He said that he should be on standby
since Dr. Yang's delivering the baby.
[grunting]
[groans]
[door whirs open]
-[approaching footsteps]
-[patient groans]
[patient breathes heavily]
[patient grunting]
[Seok-hyeong] Jeong-won.
-Thanks.
-Oh.
-[cell phone ringing]
-[sighs]
-Yes?
-[Min-ha] Professor, it's ready now.
Mm-hm.
[Ik-jun] What about Jeong-won?
[Jun-wan] He's been doing surgeries
since this morning.
[Ik-jun] Hm.
-Seok-hyeong, too?
-[Song-hwa] Yup.
He had an emergency delivery
plus an anencephaly case coming up,
so he can't eat right now.
What was it again?
-Incomplete brain?
-Mm-hm.
Oh, dear.
[patient groaning]
[classical music playing]
[Seok-hyeong]
Good, just keep taking deep breaths.
You're doing a good job.
Yeah, you're doing fine, keep going.
[gasps]
[Seok-hyeong] Come on, we're almost done.
Just a little bit more.
Yeah. You've done so well, ma'am.
Okay, with all your might,
just push one last time.
-[patient groaning]
-Yes, good. One more time.
[patient breathes heavily]
Once more.
-[patient sobbing]
-[Seok-hyeong] More.
-More.
-[patient groans]
[Seok-hyeong] Just hang in there.
You're doing a fantastic job so far.
[groaning]
Very good work.
The baby has finally come out.
[classical music continues playing]
[patient sobbing]
[sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
You did really great.
That was above and beyond, well done.
Doctor…
[sobbing]
I feel so sorry…
for my baby right now.
[sobbing continues]
Let me tell you, ma'am.
You never gave up on the baby
until the end.
-[patient sobbing]
-And that by itself is amazing.
You really did your best.
More than anyone could ever ask for.
And everyone…
knows how great you did today.
[sobbing]
[patient and Min-ha sobbing]
Dr. Chu, how long have you been here?
It's my second year.
Listen carefully.
That mother, I've been worried
about her for a while,
so I went to see her a while ago.
[inhales deeply]
I asked her if she wanted to see the baby
when it was born.
I told her I can show her
but only if she wanted to.
After thinking it through…
she didn't want to.
She said that if she sees the baby,
it might be too hard for her.
She didn't get the abortion,
she could have gotten one anytime,
but she never did, she was strong.
And then when I came out of the room,
I saw Dr. Yang standing outside the door.
He came to ask me for a favor.
He said, "When the baby's born later,
when it starts crying,
I want you to do something…
could you please
play some really loud music?
I already asked another person
to do a different thing,
but just in case,
I'm asking you to do this too."
[sighs deeply]
Yeah.
Oh, go further inside.
[Seung-ju] I fully understood
what he meant right away.
But I asked him as if I didn't know
because it seemed uncharacteristic.
"Why should I play music?"
He said,
"The mother already knows about it
and has already prepared herself.
But still, if she hears the baby cry
the moment right after its born,
the trauma to her
would last for a lifetime."
[soft chuckle]
[Seok-hyeong] Mom.
Did you go see the doctor?
I told them to take good care of you.
Yes, it went well.
They said everything's fine.
It's just that my legs feel weak
at the moment.
-I need to go to the restroom.
-Sure.
He said he didn't want
her traumatized forever
after all that's she had been through
to get to that juncture.
[sighs deeply]
The mother was aware of everything
and had been preparing herself.
But still there are things
that you could do
to give her more of a chance.
Oh.
He was one of the dullest people
I've ever seen.
I never thought he'd care about
those kinds of things.
I was stunned.
You have no idea how hard it is
to be that thoughtful.
Then maybe he should've told me
why he wanted me to do it
in the first place.
[Seung-ju] Does he really have
to say it out loud?
You should've gotten it right away.
[groans]
Wow, you eat green onion kimchi now?
You didn't like it before.
I suddenly like it.
These days, I've been craving
cold bean soup noodles.
Never even liked it before.
-Taste in food changes as we grow.
-Yeah, but not gradually.
It changes overnight. All of a sudden.
I suddenly became allergic to cats.
I was never allergic to anything
before that.
I developed presbyopia
on Christmas morning last year.
My girlfriend was showing me something
on her phone,
and suddenly asked if I liked it,
I couldn't see jack.
-I just said I liked it.
-[Song-hwa laughs]
Two days ago,
I went to the park with U-ju…
-and took 6,000 photos of flowers.
-[all laugh]
I'm serious. I took 6,000 photos.
Don't laugh.
I took them without realizing it.
And U-ju was…
-They were selling bean soup there, right?
-Mm.
So while U-ju was eating some of that,
and I was suddenly immersed
in all those flowers.
-Let me show you.
-No, thank you.
-Just a quick look.
-No. I'm okay.
You know what, Seok-hyeong's a lot worse.
-Of course. He's really the worst.
-He's really the worst.
He never spoke to his mom before,
but now all of a sudden he's a mama's boy.
He was really brusque with his mom
all the time.
Possibly talking behind her back,
saying that she was spiteful and scary.
You can never tell how people
would turn out eventually.
I can not blame him turning out like that,
after what he had to go through.
He was very close to his sister,
but then she suddenly died.
His father had an affair
with a younger woman,
and then his mom had a stroke.
[sighs]
Goodness. Seok-hyeong's the only one
here who can endure that.
If it were me…
How's his mom doing these days?
I heard she was coming here today.
Didn't she go see you?
She came to see a neurologist.
She's gotten a lot better now.
She can go out by herself.
I think Seok-hyeong
was gonna go see his mom
if he had time after the delivery.
I wonder if he got to see her.
It's okay, it's okay.
-Uh, excuse me.
-[gasps]
I'm sorry, but, uh…
the woman who went inside is my mother.
She's been having
some trouble moving around
after having surgery recently.
-I see.
-I'm sorry for asking but…
I'm just really worried she might collapse
in there or something.
If it's not too much trouble,
can I ask you to please
keep an eye on her while you're in there?
If you could just check up on her
maybe once or twice
to see if she's doing fine,
I'd really appreciate it. I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
I'll go and check on her right now, okay?
[light music]
[Jun-wan] Seok-hyeong's father,
on the other hand,
is just way beyond our imagination.
[Ik-jun] He doesn't deserve that title.
Even Seok-hyeong doesn't call him
father anymore.
They didn't get a divorce yet, right?
Right. His mom was against it. Her choice.
She absolutely won't do it.
[Seok-hyeong's mom]
You should go in now.
-I know that you're busy.
-[Seok-hyeong] After you get a cab.
[Seok-hyeong's mom]
I know how to get a cab myself.
[Seok-hyeong] I already called one.
I'll go back after you get in.
What about Song-hwa?
Is she busy these days?
-Why don't you call her?
-[sighs]
Tell her to come down
and get some coffee with me.
Mom, we're really just friends.
There's nothing going on between us,
so stop that right now.
I didn't say anything.
I just wanted to see her
since I'm already at the hospital and all.
-Why are you getting all worked up for?
-[sighs]
Maybe there really is something?
Taxi's here. You should go.
-Bye, Mom.
-[Seok-hyeong's mom] Bye.
[Seok-hyeong's aunt]
Seok-hyeong, you need to come home.
[Seok-hyeong] What's the matter, Aunt?
Ji-eun is dead…
[sobbing]
-[Seok-hyeong] What?
-They said she accidentally fell.
How could this happen?
You need to come here.
Take the earliest flight
and come home as soon as possible.
Your mom just collapsed
and was taken away in an ambulance.
You father can't be reached yet
because he went hiking
with his new employees,
so he'll just have to come tomorrow.
-So you need to hurry, okay?
-[sobbing]
[Seok-hyeong's aunt] I don't know
how this could have happened.
[sobbing]
[breathing heavily]
Dad.
[breathes deeply]
JANUARY 2019
Can he call himself human?
What about your mom?
Have you told her about this yet?
I'll tell her tonight.
Are you sure?
[scoffs]
That person isn't human.
Absolute piece of garbage.
-Do you want me to tell her?
-No, I'll do it.
It's drizzling. The rain will pour soon.
Come inside. Let's go and talk inside.
I knew about it.
I've known all along he was definitely…
having an affair.
But then… Mom, why didn't…
[stutters]
-Why didn't you do anything?
-I did everything I could.
I confronted him
and cursed him in every way.
I even pulled him by his hair.
But then…
he said that we should get a divorce.
He only wants a divorce.
Then he'd give me this house,
and all the other buildings that he owned.
The man was begging me for a divorce.
[breathes heavily]
So I said there's no way.
I said that we should live together,
and we are going to die together.
[sobs]
I'm not getting a divorce.
For whose sake is it?
[scoffs]
Hiking with new employees? Really now.
I already knew…
He goes on a trip abroad
at the end of each year.
[somber music]
Even on the day Ji-eun died.
He was with her that day.
I already knew that.
But I won't… I won't accept divorce.
It will only make him happy.
Why would I divorce him
so he could live happily
with that wench woman?
Just divorce him, Mom.
You can live happily with me instead.
I don't mind being happy.
But I can't…
I can't let your father become happy.
[sobbing]
[sighs deeply]
Even on the day we buried Ji-eun…
your father had the nerve…
to sleep with her in the same room.
[Seok-hyeong's mom breathes heavily]
I'm gonna be all right.
I'm strong enough
to bear everything by myself.
So just focus on your job.
For me…
your happiness is everything.
[somber music continues]
[sighs deeply]
[rain pattering]
[sighs]
[Seok-hyeong's mom sobbing]
[whimpers]
Mom.
I can't take this anymore, Mom.
Mom…
Take me with you already, Mom.
Take me away from here, Mom.
Oh, please, Mom…
Take me with you, Mom.
I wanna go with you, Mom.
Mom…
[sobbing continues]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Who is this?
Ah, this is Dr. Ahn Chi-hong from NS.
He's also from graduate school.
He's quite old.
He's a third-year resident just like me.
-Nice to meet you.
-[Min-ha] Nice to meet you.
Welcome to Dr. Bong's Salon.
-Oh, thank you.
-[both laugh]
These gatherings are very popular
among the residents.
One of the few times where you can
get information about our professors,
so everyone wants to come to these.
And Dr. Ahn here has the honor
of being selected today
out of ten candidates
because he treated us to a lot of pizza.
Also, how come Dr. Bong's not here?
Is he gonna be late?
I'm here. I'm here.
If you people actually have time for this,
why wouldn't you just go home
and get some sleep instead.
-What would you like to drink?
-[sighs]
Hm, should I have a cold one
or maybe a hot one today?
Oh, you can have both if you want.
I'll go buy them either way.
Uh, and I'll just pick drinks
for you guys, okay?
Okay.
Oh, who is the new guy? Hey, man.
Ah, how do you do? I'm Ahn Chi-hong,
a third-year resident from NS.
Well, Dr. Ahn from NS.
So which lucky professor
are you curious about today?
[sucks teeth]
Professor Chae Song-hwa.
-[Gwang-hyeon] Song-hwa?
-[chuckles]
Go ahead, what do you wanna
know about her?
[sucks teeth]
Maybe, her hobbies?
Hobbies as well.
But for Professor Ahn Jeong-won.
[inhales sharply]
You guys know they're in
a band together, right?
The five of them formed a band.
Well, they were considered a gag club
when we were in school.
And they didn't even play officially,
but they always kept practiced together
even until now.
Oh, I heard they're practicing tonight.
[sighs]
Nice. I totally have this song mastered.
[Ik-jun] After the break, how about
we make this part a little longer?
You finished early, huh?
-How about some ramyeon?
-No eating.
I need to go watch my kid, so sit down.
Let's play through it once properly
then call it a day.
You know, this is my favorite song.
No, it's mine.
They are in a band?
-Is Dr. Yang in it as well?
-Thank you.
So Seok-hyeong is their keyboardist.
-Wait. What? Who's playing what?
-He said Seok-hyeong plays the keyboard.
Ik-jun and Jun-wan were in a band
back when they were in high school.
They were the best in Changwon.
Well, at least according to Ik-jun.
Anyway, Ik-jun's good
at playing the guitar and bass guitar.
Jun-wan plays the guitar.
They joined a med school band at first,
but then they left,
probably because things
weren't feeling right for them.
After that, they decided
to start their own band just for fun.
And luckily, Seok-hyeong
was very good at playing piano,
and I think Jeong-won started
playing the drums then.
-Oh.
-Finally, Song-hwa's the vocalist.
The vocalist?
Mm-hm, vocalist.
[scoffs]
But she can't sing.
That's right. I know that.
Actually, everyone knows that.
But Song-hwa lied to them.
-Sorry?
-Song-hwa is really good at lying.
When she sets her mind on something,
she'll stop at nothing
to get it by any means necessary.
[chuckles]
Oh, that is some charisma.
[Jun-wan] A vocalist?
Are you saying you're good at singing?
Oh…
SPRING 1999
[clears throat]
Excuse me.
[in hoarse voice]
I'm just a little hoarse at the moment,
but I am really good at singing.
I'll be your vocalist.
But you were fine until yesterday.
[in hoarse voice]
This morning,
I suddenly got hoarse.
[Song-hwa coughs]
Oh, coffee.
[Ik-jun] All right, then.
Song-hwa can be the vocalist.
And you… You said you were good at piano?
-[Seok-hyeong] Hm.
-Are you for real?
I'm pretty good.
Can't you tell from this place?
I'm from a musical family.
[clicks tongue, sighs]
Why don't you show me?
[exhales deeply]
[Ik-jun clears throat]
[piano music playing]
Ooh.
[Jun-wan chuckles]
♪ Are you… ♪
Whoo…
-[applause]
-[Song-hwa chuckles]
Any other songs?
[sighs]
["Für Elise" playing]
Oh.
[scoffs]
-Oh.
-[applause]
[exhales deeply]
Hmm.
[light music playing]
[all] Aww.
[light music continues playing]
[cheering]
When did he learn to do that?
Are you kidding me?
Quiet down for a second.
Just keep playing.
I want to hear some more.
[tongue clicks]
[light music continues playing]
[breathes deeply]
Well…
[Ik-jun sucks teeth]
This jerk…
You really had me going there.
Hold on.
[Ik-jun sighs]
[cell phone beeping]
-[Song-hwa] Wow, how much is it?
-[Jun-wan] Three hundred thousand.
[Jeong-wo and Song-hwa gasp]
[Jeong-won]
You really are rich, dude, aren't you?
[Jun-wan] You can write up to
32 characters and see up to 5 lines.
-Wow, this is so light.
-Right?
Technology has been advancing
at a pretty rapid phase.
Who knows, maybe it'll have
a camera on it someday.
-Yeah.
-Or we will be able to buy things
from it and pay for stuff, like bus fare.
-Ah, impossible.
-That's too unrealistic.
Don't tell me we'll be watching TV
on it too?
Why not recharge it
without wire like this?
They say all of that
is going to be possible someday.
-[Jun-wan] It will. But we'll be all dead.
-But there's one song.
There's one thing I can play
until the end.
-"Beyer"?
-"Canon."
"Canon"?
-You can play "Canon" 'til the end?
-Mm-hm.
I'm not as good as George Washington,
but I can play it until the end.
-I learned it from my sister.
-It's George Winston.
Ah…
Fine.
This will be your last chance.
[inhales deeply]
[clears throat]
["Canon" by George Winston playing]
["Canon" by George Winston
continues playing]
Look at this show-off. Give me a break.
[Ik-jun] Just like this.
And then after that
the second line follows.
["Canon" by George Winston
continues playing]
[drum beating]
Ah…
[exhales deeply]
[stove rattles]
[blows]
Go, Song-hwa, you've improved a lot.
[slurping]
[munching]
[blows]
[drums beating]
["Canon" by George Winston playing]
["Canon" by George Winston
continues playing]
[Gyeo-ul] He's a TA patient.
He's been x-rayed because of
a rigid abdomen and rebound tenderness.
He has a pan-peritonitis
from bowel perforation.
-He needs surgery so I called you.
-Okay.
-Did you give him a painkiller?
-[Gyeo-ul] Yes.
Okay, let's see what's going on.
[Jae-yong grunts]
Oh, my. It hurts a lot, doesn't it?
-[Jeong-won] Hm?
-[sobs]
Ah, he looks just like him, right?
When they brought him in,
I was pretty surprised as well,
I thought his face looks familiar
so I was thinking…
Maybe there's a chance
that those two are twins.
[Jae-hun's dad] Yes, they are both twins.
Jae-hun was the one
who got hurt yesterday,
and now suddenly his brother…
-Oh, Jae-yong.
-[Jae-yong groans]
It's okay. Dad's here.
Doctor, he's going to be okay, am I right?
-Car accident, correct?
-Yeah, it was.
I dozed off all of a sudden while driving
and hit a lamp post by accident.
He was in the back seat when…
I don't know what I was thinking.
First things first,
I need to check on some things,
so I'm gonna have to ask you
to leave us for a moment?
Why? Why should a guardian have to leave?
Procedure before a surgery.
I need to prepare him
by going through various tests.
Oh, I see.
[breathes deeply]
[Jeong-won] Hey, Jae-yong,
can I just check this?
What's wrong with the patient?
He was in his dad's car
and got pan-peritonitis from a TA.
What kind of father would let that happen?
Anything can happen when you're driving.
But the father seem totally fine.
So what's this?
[Jeong-won] Hey, Jae-yong,
I'm just gonna check, okay?
[Jae-yong groans]
[Gwang-hyeon]
Whoa. He's all covered in bruises.
-[sighs]
-[Jae-yong sobs]
Jae-yong, I want you to lie
on your stomach, okay?
Very good.
[Gwang-hyeon] My goodness.
[Jae-yong groans]
[sighs]
What kind of sick son of a bitch
would do this?
[Yeong-su sighs]
[Yeong-su's wife]
We still have a lot of time left
before the actual surgery starts.
I don't know, I am already so nervous
even this early on.
-[sighs]
-[Ik-jun] That's natural.
[chuckles]
As for your son…
[inhales deeply]
His surgery will be starting any time now.
If it all goes well,
my husband will be able to play golf
and go on trips abroad again, right?
Yeah.
He'll be able to, for sure.
Can you and I have a word?
[line ringing]
This is the VIP Ward on the 10th floor.
Please send four men over now. And hurry.
That's right, hurry up. Yes
You're calling security?
-Listen here.
-[nurse 3] Yes?
Didn't you notice anything strange
while checking on Mr. Sim?
His wife is with him all the time
24/7 for some reason.
What's wrong with that?
She's never been to her son's room before.
Her very own son
is giving her husband his liver,
but not once has she ever left
her husband's side.
You know, even the worst kind of mother
would be worried about her child a lot
more than she's showing all throughout.
[suspenseful music]
[toilet flushes]
Who are you?
Well… I'm, uh…
I said, who are you?
[suspenseful music]
Ik-jun.
THE CENTER OF THE DEFENSE
THE 2ND BATTALION
[soldiers chanting in distance]
[panting]
What in the world are you doing here?
[panting continues]
Did you come here to see me?
I'm here to eat jajangmyeon.
You're here to do what?
I said I'm here to eat jajangmyeon.
[Confession Is Not Flashy"
by Kyuhyun playing]
[Min-ha]
I'm thinking of confessing my feelings.
Tell me, do you like me?
Hey, look.
Have you seen this?
[Ik-jun] I bet it's a girl.
I knew it. That guy had been single
for way too long.
[Ik-jun] Is it a sin to get a divorce?
Just drink some beer, man.
You're frustrating sometimes.
Hey, you got nothing?
[Seok-hyeong] Just tell me.
[Seok-hyeong's mom]
Is there anyone you're interested in?
I am.
So, who?
I forgot that Jeong-won
has been staying at my house recently.
Really? You're gonna have to invite me
to your house then.
Damn right. Let's pick a day. Today?
Tell me, there's nothing wrong
with her, right?
Everything's fine with her, right?
Yes, everything looks good.
I will make sure
that she doesn't feel any pain.
Don't worry about it.
I'll do my best.
[Seok-hyeong]
But the NST was fine in the afternoon.
[Se-hyeok] I think you should.
-[nurse] I brought three bags of RBC.
-I need this wider.
-[Se-hyeok] Great. Keep suctioning.
-[anesthetist] Bring more blood.
[Jun-wan] We have to save him.
Or someone else is gonna die.
[Tae-jin's dad] Please save him, Doctor.
[Tae-jin's dad sobbing]
["Lonely Night" by Kwon Jin Ah playing]